=head1 NAME

bjobsinfo

=head1 SYNOPSIS

bjobsinfo

=head1 DESCRIPTION

bjobsinfo queries the mbatch running on the LSF master node to get the status
of all running and recently finished jobs for all users. It returns one line 
per job which contains the following information

jobid user state queue SubEpoch StartEpoch DoneEpoch CpuLimit RunLimit FromHost LsfState TargetLSFType


state give the state in GRID convention, i.e. only running, queued or done, while
LsfState gives more detailed information of the job status. The TargetLSFType is the 
architecture of the host to which the job is to be scheduled. This is either the type as specified
during submission time by the user, or the type of the submission host. 

In principle it is possible to retrieve the same information by parsing 
the output of the command

bjobs -a -u all

Depending on the number of jobs and the job throughput this can be a very
heavy operation. The advantage of bjobsinfo is that it is much faster because
less data is transfered, and that the output can easily be read by a script. 
Note theat the startTime is meaningless for jobs that are pending, and that
the endTime is meaningless for jobs that have not yet finished. 

=head1 BUGS

If the submission host has changed it's LSF type, bjobsinfo will report the new type for jobs that
have been submitted before the change has taken place instead of the old one, unless the user has
specified the target type during job submission.

=head1 AUTHOR

Ulrich Schwickerath <ulrich.schwickerath@cern.ch>

=head1 SEE ALSO

bjobs(1)

=cut
